This is a project blake suggested

gasoline = pop * cars/pop * km/veh * gasoline/km

so break this down by country to look at what is happenin

Instructions:
1. okay I've done an overhaul on the datbase in data/iea_oil.db can you look into the schema and then look at the below instructions to tie all of this together 

2. Lets split what we just did up from what we're about to do with a button near             <!-- Detail Panel -->...<h2 id="country-name"></h2> that toggles betwen raw data, efficiency, and forecast.
    1. under historical data lets leave consumption by product the same, electrification leave the same. 
        we'll want to include category mix (suv's,trucks,cars,motorcycles,freight) you can use the methods for electrification for this,
        change up the variables component: have raw data on number of cars, population,  total gasoline, fuel(gasoline+Diesel), total Diesel total kilometers driven
        add new graph using derived features: fuel efficiency, km's driven, km/car, cars/capita
    2. We want to visualize the efficiency gain here. we're going to want 
        a. stacked bar chart of 'total fuel not used' that incorparates:
            fuel efficiency( over time fleets become more efficient),
            electrification(mpg ice vs 0 for electric),
            rates of car ownership(increasing in korea but decreasing across most of oecd)
            population increases(extensive margin)
        b.Let's make an efficiency line graph based 
            a. electrification as 80% of the passenger fleet 20% of freight
            b. average suv (we're going to need benchmarks in different regions: america's(include: AUS,NZL,CAN,USA),Europe,Asia,Brazil on it's own)
            c. average sedan (we're going to need benchmarks in different regions: america's(include: AUS,NZL,CAN,USA),Europe,Asia,Brazil on it's own)
            d. observed fuel efficiency of whole fleet

    3. Forecast/ simulate - this is for v1 please make design choices that will allow us to play with the graph elements in v2
        a. predict total gasoline demand based on projections 
            i. assume continued trends
                - population growth (I'll grab these from world bank)
                - sigmoid growth in EV'sales
                - fuel efficiency of new vehicles will improve at the same rate as the past 10 yeaar average
                - car ownership will change at the same rate as the past 10 years
            ii. plot these as a stacked bar chart similar to what we did above
            iii. lets do this in the Database and create a view in the db for this
                 look at previous contributions to gasoline demand and break this down
        b. per capita metrics of each
        c.Let's make an efficiency line graph similar to above
            a. electrification as 80% of the passenger fleet 20% of freight
            b. average suv 
                -we're going to need benchmarks in different regions: america's(include: AUS,NZL,CAN,USA),Europe,Asia,Brazil on it's own
                - used forecasted value from chart 3.a
            c. average sedan 
                -we're going to need benchmarks in different regions: america's(include: AUS,NZL,CAN,USA),Europe,Asia,Brazil on it's own
                - used forecasted value from chart 3.a
            d. forecasted fuel efficiency of fleet combining the forecasted ev's, vehicle sales and retirements

Things that need to be fixed.
    Italy - might want to get rid of, heighest percap car ownership, lots of motorcycles.
        I think what's going on here is we have passenger miles 
        and it's just cars so people are doing commutes on bikes 
        so what we're seeing is people expediture on vacation

    Japan - vehicle up but km's down, might be 'rail for work car for play'

    whats up with nz fuel usage is canstant but km's are all over the board

    us look at cars, something is very wrong